are you are coming to see my baby
Julio
hello
yes
[Music]
I wouldn't really like to say, being
honest with you, that what you just
saw is the most repulsive thing and what is
going to make you the angriest about this guy
but really no really the subject
of today's video is quite serious and it is
that the Colombian authorities are
most likely about to take away
these two's baby what's going on my kids I
am wise and Merida welcome one
more day to my channel and if you didn't know me
please subscribe automatically everyone
who is watching this video is
required to subscribe if you don't know
who this guy is here I recommend
that before continuing with this video you
watch this other video that I made
right here on this channel where I told you the
whole story of this abuse and if there is
no presumption of innocence here or
anything it is a marker with all its letters
since a few weeks ago
a video was leaked that I personally
believe was the girlfriend herself who the
filters will be putting up here I make a
frame in  specifically, just as I didn't
do it in the previous video I can't
put it because they are very explicit images
where this abuse gets up from the
chair in an aggressive manner while he
is eating with his wife and his daughter who
will be about three or four years old, he gets
up aggressively, first he grabs a
chair, loose, the chair and in the end he pushes
her, in the
previous video I described her as the doll
the package of 'toy story' no because
the girl moved as if it were made of cloth, I
mean in the video you can see how she flies
backwards until she hits the wall, she
probably could have run the
risk of hitting herself badly and it's
clear that she stayed in place therefore
if when you see the face of this
guy you are seeing the face of an
abuser if he does this in front of his
little daughter and his little daughter doesn't
flinch and all she does is grab her
doll and continue watching, well it will most
likely be what she is
used to seeing at home, I insist
today's video is coming very strong and it is that
the Colombian authorities of this
boy who apparently is the uncle who  or
the influencer with the most followers in
colombia has even more followers
than people in his country, such as
sebastián de atrás or
shakira herself, i personally think that the
video is
already doing some kind of call
for attention as if asking for help or
at least that's what i wanted to think
immediately after a few minutes he
regretted that the video was leaked
because someone found his cell phone in a
mysterious place found this
specific moment from months ago from the
security camera of his house and published the
video on the girl's twitter
account this is worth this small excerpt where we see how this matador hits him and yes my level of irony is about to explode and I'm short on hands to make quotes because it's more than obvious that that specific video from the
security cameras of his living room uploaded to
the girls' 'tik tok' account
could only have been uploaded by her as calls
for help the worst thing as I have been saying
is that a few minutes after it was leaked,
enough minutes for
people to download it if they made
the video viral, she deleted it from her
tick tock account and  a little while later they
both uploaded a regrettable video trying to
justify the act and apologizing to
God well to ask not to affirm that God was
going to forgive them that God was going to
forgive her and how to normalize that in
any couple I really hope that the
girl is saying this under threats or
because she is afraid to tell the truth
because it would disgust me a lot and
tire me out that she herself is
normalizing that the guy mistreats her and
that she is also proclaiming and
normalizing before her millions of
followers that this is something that
normally happens in couples but wait
what seems stronger to me
maybe it is yet to come we
worry a lot because obviously a
person who acts like this in a
specific video from a security camera is not by
far the first time he has
done it you just have to see the normality
with which the little girl takes it the
question is that we wait and I want to
think well in reality it is not what I
think but let's hope that he does not act like this
with all the members of his family what you
are seeing on the screen that right now they
will be putting it in my editor
will be the increase in followers that
the boy has had after  the controversy
specifically carlos ferias the protagonist
of the story the mistreat far from
being affected by the controversy has gained about
300,000 youtube subscribers
about 200,000 in his tick tock account and
just over 100,000 in his
instagram account what do you think really what do
you think there are people as an
explanation for the fact that I am
directly I think that
absolutely nobody should follow him since the
account should have been given 0
automatically and more after the
clicks that we are going to see below
but well I am putting it in context you are
only worth it but I do not understand
life I do not understand really healthy I do not
understand life I have seen how
youtube channels were ruined and even by the
amount of false reports that were
eaten after someone defamed
a channel on youtube calling it mistreat I have
seen how youtube closed channels
by mistake due to the amount of
false reports that reached the channel I have
seen how channels after
someone defames them lose in  waterfalls
subscribers and subscribers and
subscribers and there is an
explicitly graphic video from
her home security camera uploaded to
the assaulted girl's 'tik tok' account
where we see sumatra blow her up
in front of her youngest daughter of 3
or 4 years old and this person the abuse has
grown in subscribers but it has grown
in subscribers no nonsense has
added in this m almost the same
subscribers that I have in my entire
life and still a fan of his to tell me
that I am saying it like with envy
but javi is that this maybe had
made us so much javi this
maybe has not reached so many people if you
go to any of your sector right now
I am in the last for example in
the video case a few hours ago
specifically this title has gone up three
hours ago since the controversy happened because it
is not a controversy it is a crime but
since it became controversial his
followers have taken this as memes if
you go to any of the sayings that
go up the comments everywhere they
are the pushes pushes at 32 he says that
if you arrive early he pushes you he says that
if he gives  to the line or he pushes you push them
discreetly friend the police will look for you
or you push them because it made me angry they say
that if you arrive early they push you and
even when we go addict that goes up that
keeps going up tinto with his partner okay
when we go to tick tock that goes up with her
own partner the bad woman after the
comments are the same do not be
pushing in the comments I did not
impose it please Carlos I arrived early and he
pushed me I will survive the pushing I suppose he will
stay of course the
abuse went viral enough so that
all the millions of
followers that the boy has would find
out to
stop following him and canceling him,
even more people have followed him to
turn the abuse into a meme and
comment on each of his publications
so that the text algorithm
rewards him more the video of Carlos Feria
went viral between June 16 and 17
just two days before the
presidential elections in Colombia as happens
in most countries during
election time people tend to give
priority to this over any other
event that happens much more the politicians
and public officials who are
campaigning for that reason it is difficult for two
days  before the elections some topic
becomes relevant enough to become a
trend in a big way or for
influential people to prioritize it as
you can see in this image that
my editor will be putting here for you both seem to be
making fun of the
intelligence of their followers when
constantly in the days and
hours after this topic
came to light they kept making
reference to how god was the one who was going to
forgive them god was the one who was going to
heal them in this specific photo our
only refuge at this moment is god and
to hell with us your only
refuge is none god does not exist
therefore god you're not leaving at most
jail can fix you in fact carlos
feria after this not only
continued uploading texts as if nothing but
gordon took advantage of it he took advantage of the
virality of what had happened to
advertise his new single well in the
midst of the sadness
and all that is happening to me now is that I
thank those who sincerely
support my new song I don't believe you if you
want to listen to it on spotify you can
click here tell me that it's a
joke and above all a joke in bad
taste or some kind
advertising campaign to promote this [ __ ]
shitty song and I still believe it
but we're talking about
real abuse the first thing any
normal couple would think after this
came to light would be to opt for at
least since at least the mother, the wife
of this guy came out to justify it, at
least think or consider stopping
putting their daughter online they put
their daughter on social networks in fact I think that it is
one of the biggest attractions of their
channel, their channels and their
social networks you know what I think about
putting young children on
social networks I think that
young children and minors and
pretty photos and videos and things stay in the
memory and stay archived for their
parents for their relatives but exposing
such young minors in a window to the
world as dangerous as the internet where you do
n't know who is on the
other side of the screen where
horrible things happen like many episodes of
bullying that I have experienced and you all know
imagine what would have happened yeah well
this is the video in case you want to see it
okay here is the video where I
tell everything hopefully it gets into  jail and
here you have a report that they did
on television about me imagine if I got to
put my children what would have
happened to them you can't expose your children in
that way at least my opinion I
understand that on many occasions it may be
done without malice to boast about
how beautiful your children are or for other
reasons but you have to be aware
of the consequences that it can have for
what you are putting them through and what you
are exposing them to and well these
people in particular have their daughter with
a YouTube channel with a 'tik
tok' channel for me this thing of putting your child to
work as an influence well the truth is
that it doesn't seem very attractive to me I know that
the subject of pets and babies in
social networks seems to work a lot I
will be putting the channels on screen
well some of the most
powerful channels on YouTube one with almost 100
million subscribers others almost the
same 83 million more than 83 million
subscribers it doesn't make sense here
you have another one with almost 100 million
also these are things that don't make
sense I think because this content
directly invites you to leave like
when you see  a very tender child
because small children on youtube
kits because the videos are played over and over
again but as I tell you, it was already
known when I had my children, I could have taken
advantage of the situation because maybe
today I would be a millionaire, I would have a
palace or something just like these people but I
think it's not necessary I prefer to
avoid it and the question is not that
you put your children okay with all the
danger that that entails, your
child may have a special talent, be it
singer, actor or something like that
and that is the reason no,
normally the reason today is
not usually this okay there are not
many Marisol it's not many crimes or
many child prodigies they are children
exploited by their parents to make
bills and bills and bills and they
have them recording videos on youtube all day long
and when they run out of that then
they will be super millionaires and to
hell with the children's childhood and to
hell with education because they will not
need it either because they have become
millionaires I imagine the question is
how he explains it is that it is also very
important and it is that these people as we
talked about in previous videos
specifically I think I was reacting in
a  straight to some guys those people don't
treat their daughter well when creating
content they throw very heavy jokes at the girls
that are not appropriate for them
at that age in fact many of the clicks
that you're going to see are not a joke I don't
consider them a joke at all I consider them
dangerous the little girl herself
is adorable you will be seeing some
photos with her father that the editor is putting
on screen but you are not seeing
the girl's face because I will have
asked the editors to censor her you
know that here well I do not like to expose
minors although the line has more
millions of followers than me
specifically on tick tock the girl has 10
million followers and on Instagram the
girl has one million one hundred thousand followers
the girl tomorrow will not be able to be
chosen anonymously they have been recognizing the line
since they were born let's
see some deals that her
parents give her in order to become famous and
make her famous on tick tock and on
other networks and let's see if it seems as bad to you
as it does
[Music]
depends on the two parents here and
splitting his chest
laughing his head off after the father counted the number of
hairs that have balls and
started spitting water in the
girl's mouth the girl is making faces and is
clearly showing that she was not
amused at all and that it
bothered her and the parents are laughing their
asses off and on top of that they upload this one in
particular that you're going to see is one of the
most viewed and it's a
complete scandal surely if the
police were going to do this to you in a
shopping center they would probably pull your
ear or even consider taking
the girl away from you this is a very small girl
this she must be 34 years old at the most or
even 2
but
[Music]
the first thing is humor poop fart pee
or whatever the first thing is that it's not
funny I don't understand who's laughing
at this the worst thing is that these
people gain many millions of views
many millions of followers let's see it
well yes clearly okay what I
understand when these people become
famous is because the majority of millions
of people in the world are [ __ ]
because another  I can't find an explanation
leave mucd and ask you guys to see in the
comment box what you think because
people support this don't imagine
little face tries to go up the
stairs and falls he puts his hand on
that escalator on the belt a thousand
things with this your balls are going to fall off
okay from now on the
climates begin strong for my taste okay
this sign was not put by him okay this
sign is from someone who summarized this
video because he deleted it and it's logical that he
deletes it even if he feels proud of
evil people and justify it the guy
deleted this type where he puts an
alley to the girl to wake her up
literally as I'm telling it he puts
a rabbit to the girl to wake her up in
fact I'm even going to tell the
editor to censor the hand hitting the
girl because I even think that
youtube can put one on me I bring to
punish me for this in some way
what the hell is he doing going up a floor where he
puts an alley to your daughter to
wake her up at what point do you think that is
funny for your followers and how
far are you willing to go to
the  little girl was asleep she was in her
fifth dream and her father wakes her up with
that hit apparently this man
finds hitting very funny I don't know
why he doesn't hit some balls for
example and he also plays this
joke on her that's a really big joke no joke
joke on the mother okay he also
wakes her up by throwing a piece of ham
at her forehead
[Music]
well you have to listen to the music but
the music of Chopin na na na na na na if you
see here the little dog has already seen him
coming the dog is scared of him look
I'm walking through the living room with a
slice of ham and my dog
clings to me as if I were a little dog and
don't look to take off what the [ __ ] has
that dog seen for him to see his owner
his master walk with a slice of ham like that
through the living room and run away instead of
approaching
[Music]
in everything else that's playing you're not
hearing the noise because the editor
must have turned off the music but it's
loud the [ __ ] guy the guy is
abusive [ __ ] here in this other
guy from a couple of years ago  years he thought it was
funny to scare the little girl by pretending to
hit her with the closet and
getting her into a scare that I don't know I don't
understand look
not much
here we are talking about the little girl baby
baby would rent is a year and a half old
achieved not even that he has two yet tell me
the need that father to record a
good guy father tell me what father gives him
a bad time a baby as you
have seen on numerous occasions
also this is also doing it today
when the authorities are investigating him
because if they are considering
taking the girl away from him or even putting him in
jail the guy every time someone
criticizes him like for example when they put
his video killing his wife he hides behind the fact
that God will protect him God loves him
God will make him change and in all
this [ __ ] insulting the
intelligence of his followers that
when the criticism started a
couple of years ago well it was not what he said it
was not the same as what he said
a couple of years ago when people
criticized him and said you are abuse
you love your daughter for fame don't treat
your daughter like a toy a couple of
years ago when people  he said this kind
of things he responded in this
humorous and sarcastic way why does it happen to
abuse your daughter amira he finds
this funny here god did not protect him
in the check let's see now the guy starts
to tell the girl that everything he is
going to say next is a lie and
that it is a joke that they are going to play on
her mother then the idea that this
guy has for a joke because the truth is that I do not
understand them but of course the girl says
yes but she is a 2 year old girl if here they
will be 23 years old and the girl says
yes yes yes yes yes but surely after a
few seconds when the father
starts to say things he forgets and
believes that it is serious
that the girl will remember this in a while
I think the mother is an accomplice
I think the mother is an accomplice because
the girl is not acting as if it were
a joke a girl of that age with the
expression she is putting on the
movements she is making a
sad girl does not know how to act in this way
to record a text but the mother
is being an accomplice of the bad time that  he
's making his daughter go through to
record a [ __ ] text because if you
notice right now he's kind of
shoving her okay it's you
with the shoves he gives you that
makes you fly until you hit the
wall you're going to dare to tap him
on the shoulder a shove like that
one less follower for making
these kinds of videos not even joking dude not even
joking it's your daughter here she's
making fun of a message from someone
where straight on that she's hitting her
everything because of these kinds of videos because of that
joke the girls are going to be traumatized
this is going to stay in
the girl's subconscious oh you're not a
bad father never put your babies in
jokes
you're a disgusting person carlos feriani
salomé love you and many other things
first of all they are things no
trauma health men that every day I
give him a lot of love and we go with your me
colas repulsive the guy is repulsive
I hope the authorities take
more than enough measures fact that you go to
jail there is a video  yours rolando in which I
abuse a woman literally the
story that you are going to see below
has two parts okay in the first he comes
up with the idea that it's a good idea to do
an easy challenge and the recording or you get wet
with my daughter he plays a song for the
girl he plays frozen that I'm going to
silence it also because of the copyright and if
the girl who is obviously sleepy
okay the line 10 dreams wants to sleep he
is keeping track of me on the floor she gets wet it
explodes in a balloon peace and she gets wet the girl
feels this like [ __ ] and starts to
cry the goals
and the mother is laughing too the
mother is also laughing the thanks to the
father okay after the criticism of
that tic all to Carlos Feria with that
brilliant mind that surely from time
to time you jump that a little because of the
dye he comes up with the brilliant idea that
the daughter returns the joke all
very funny - because of the fact that
such a small girl while the mother
records far away walks around the bed with
what looks like a knife or some
sharp object and even close to her
face the girl starts walking around the bed
Something that I don't think is very stable with that
object in hand seems to be that
due to what is being seen on
this subject in recent weeks
people have started to viralize this on
twitter specifically here you have a tweet
with almost 4,000 retweets and more than 8,000
lay that has reached the icbf elisabeth and it
is the colombian institute of
family welfare they are like authorities to
protect minors and here they are
requesting information to be able to
locate these parents the icbf has also
put a story distarán to
locate it has been put in
collaborative mode showing in its
instagram stories how he himself gets in
touch with this association or with this
authority whatever it is called offering them
well his information his
phone number and such so that they go
visit them and so on there was not
much left for him to do because they were
all going to do it the director of the
icbf line maria arbeláez said on her
'twitter' account that the family's ombudsman
made a visit to the
girl's daycare and that he would also
meet with the parents in the  next few
hours meeting that should have already happened
at the time I'm recording this
video here are the tweets ok in case you
want to stop or read it specifically
this entity the icbf is in charge of
defending the rights of children
so surely with the videos and the
visit to the family or
measures will be taken to protect salome since
here there is a possible crime of
child abuse I don't know if there is any other
child abuse but surely the girl is
not being raised in a good environment
and that she is not safe with these parents well that
is most likely I don't know if they will
even be able to take the girl away but
probably there is a video of the
father violently attacking the
mother in front of me idea well it is not
something that helps too much and that is not
done simply for a matter of
light investigation they should
intervene every time we are not
talking about an excess of
parental limits but of a crime that in
colombia is protected and that in
colombia is regulated under the code of
childhood adolescence where it is defined
as any type of harm or
humiliation against a minor boy
girl or adolescent all the challenges that  We
are looking at where you decide to
involve your children or minors with
whom you have some type of closeness or
kinship, you may be breaking the
law, be careful with that, we are not only
talking about an ethical issue or
mental health care for our children,
but we are talking about a legal issue in
which you may face not only
economic sanctions,
constant regulation by the Colombian Institute of
Family Welfare, but also a
loss of parental authority, even
prison. Let's watch this video that you just
saw, it's about a girl who is a lawyer there
in Colombia and I have taken this from red. I would
add a couple of things here, it is not
only about not being for
ethical reasons and that it is for
legal reasons, that is, it is not ethical that the law does
not, be careful, you can go to
jail, I personally,
personally, that the father goes to
jail or even goes to jail,
both of them do not give a damn, what
worries me is that nothing happens to the
girl, the lawyer is talking about being
careful with the challenges she does with your
minors on tick tock because
a crime of abuse could be committed  of
child abuse but of course I understand that if
you're with your child dancing to a
song my baby phew phew or something like
that we don't want too many types out there I'm
telling you I
never agree that minors go out
social networks are for adults and
children do their things okay children
have their things their toys and their
childhood for which they don't have to be
on the internet they don't have to be exposed
today the child sings with the child acts well we already
talked but I imagine that any
painter is not worth it I imagine that we are
talking about you all the father gets up
with a blow to the girl scares her makes her
have a bad time makes her walk around the
bed unsteadily with what looks like
a knife in his hand throws a
water balloon at her what do I know I think that
the thing was very clear evidently the guy
with what is happening that the
authorities are persecuting him they
are investigating him to see if they take
the girl away if they sanction him or even if they
put him in jail not only are they
taking it as a joke but he is
talking about how God is going to help him that he
has put  to suddenly upload very
casually as if to show that he is
a good father or that he gets along very well
with the girl or something like that
skills but that are very good I
am very funny God literally
thank God I am very well he
helped me a lot in this moment of my life
which is a moment literally thanks to
Diana also literally also
still because in your country the laws do not
work as they should work in your
very hard that I am going through very calm
the grace of God is perfect for the
people who are enjoying the
videos I want to tell you through that
story that I love you in my heart people
of love for you is what teaches me
God will tell me nice jump is religious
already took out God they are going to insult they are going to
say a few things because it matters and that
if the truth is I do not teach myself to those who
wish me death love for you who
are that I take away from doing it I love
process as you have seen in the clicos
taught previously that my editor is not
going to put it again around here a
few years ago when the
accusations of evil began, everything is about
childish abuse and things like that there I did not
defend him goodbye to that  the joke goes on about the
people who criticized him they will say that he goes to
Carlos God did not love you you are an
abuser because you do not love your daughter
personally father or not etcetera remember
that Jesus Jesus did not die for
perfect people Jesus died for sinners and
for imperfect people and I believed in
religions and I am
not enough of a believer and so you tell me that believing in God is believing that an all-powerful being came to die for abusers like this man well turn off and let's go he was also responding and publishing in his
instagram stories some screenshots
of how people laugh at him and mess
with him I don't know if as a meme or
trying to play the victim because he would be
the dick and on the other hand his wife
Adriana who is an accomplice to the success he has
with his daughter because she also
participates lends the girl for this and
mocks the girl well this chick herself
justified when they mistreated her she
has also spoken out on her
instagram account regarding what is
happening  because apparently this
time it is coming out in all the
media in your country and
so on but not much and if you come to
give my stories because of everything
the media is saying and
to see what I'm going to say, well I'm not going to
say anything because the love of
a mother is not questioned and I know how much I
love my daughter so I have nothing that
makes me very sorry for Salome the truth
because she is a girl who seems to be
incredible maybe what awaits
her the girl is for her own good but she will
surely live through very difficult moments
her situation can improve but her father
will continue to be Carlos Feria
forever and for her sake I hope
he changes and realizes how much
his actions affect his daughter and the type
of position he has given her in other orders
of things I hope that measures are taken
with this abuser and at least as a
very minimum he prohibits him indefinitely
until the girl is a teenager or of legal
age so that they can
exploit the girl again on social networks
at least if not they take her away or
put them in jail  with a fine or
whatever at least they should prohibit him from doing that
and of course what would be sensible and
stop all the shame on the part of
the authorities would be that when they see the
video of the abuse of his wife a
little bit of jail plan I say no even if it's
a couple of days no less than
a couple of days no already for laughing at
the law family up to here
today's video put me in the
comment box your opinions although I
imagine that more or less in this one
we will watch an anime but anyway I will like
to read your comments
always it is very important not for that
these videos are made and this channel is for
you see you in the next one
[Music]